Add Project Loved: July 2021 News Post (#5866)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2021-07-20-project-loved-july-2021.md

---
layout: post
title: "Project Loved: July 2021"
date: 2021-07-20 13:30:00 +0000
---

Project Loved is here to cool you off from the summer heat with the freshest picks you've seen yet.

![](/wiki/shared/news/banners/project-loved.jpg)

> For those unfamiliar, Project Loved hosts community voting polls each month to decide which beatmaps get added to the [Loved category](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets?s=loved). These maps are all chosen by the Loved Captains of their respective gamemodes. You can click on each of the map's banners in this post to go to its poll on the forums, or to view them on the forum [here](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/120). The voting process only lasts for 10 days, so make sure that you go vote! More info about this project is available on the [wiki page](/wiki/Project_Loved)! 

Author: Will apply on next commit

[CaNdy Sync - Delta](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1257264#taiko) by [KawaiiBass](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11992585)\
300 BPM, 3:13 | 8.33★\
*description written by [KuroKuroKuro](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11931563)*

*Delta* is popular and played a lot by osu!taiko players, with a BPM of 300, it features 1/4, 1/6 and 1/8 doubles that will come at you relentlessly. In addition, the bar line gimmicks and placement match the song very well, making it a very enjoyable map. If you're an advanced player, or even if you're not confident in your skills, why not play for a pass?

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2021-07-20-project-loved-july-2021/858606.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/{{TOPIC_ID}})

[Maid-chan (CV: Horie Yui) - Maid-chan Yori. (Sped Up Ver.)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/858606#taiko) by [Yoroiari](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6056862), [KTYN](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2250574), [senfla](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7984343) and [xpokn](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5115345)\
225.6 BPM, 1:38 | 5.74★, 6.07★, 6.13★, 7.38★\
*description written by [X a v y](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3738344)*

> *Maid-chan Yori.* is a popular map that has been circulating since 2018. The song features a sped-up version of a very catchy fast jingle, which features 4 difficulties from prominent mappers at the time of its release. Even though the map stays simple with straightforward usage of scroll speeds, the difficulties use very intuitive patterns and fit the song really well, making the map enjoyable for advanced players.

Author: lol i can't believe i missed this while reviewing the descriptions myself last night

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2021-07-20-project-loved-july-2021/20296.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/{{TOPIC_ID}})

[ON-kei - Taihen na Mono no Shoushitsu -GOSSUN END-](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/20296#fruits) by [ZHSteven](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/142413), [Kawachino Yumi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/38805), [pieguyn](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/107485) and [Shino](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/323677)\
240 – 300 BPM, 2:56 | 3.63★, 3.64★, 5.40★, 5.45★\
*description written by [Tenshichan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1101600)*

Here we have *Taihen na Mono no Shoushitsu*, which is a mapset hosted by ZHSteven, who, albeit not being active anymore, has contributed a lot to osu!catch mapping back in the day. And oh boy, if you thought some of the maps that have been Loved before were old, then this one is ancient. This map was created and last updated in September 2010 (!). However, that does not mean that the difficulties are inherently bad.

> For old standards this was pretty good quality compared to most of the other things from around that time. While this mapping style obviously didn't age very well, it is still really fun to play these maps nowadays, as they are challenging in their own way. 'catch the yoki' and 'Steven's Jumping' are not that easy to play and should be tricky for most players that are not used to these types of styles. 'pieguy's CTB' and 'Crow'z Lost' on the other hand, are rather easy to play and a good entry point for people who are not that familiar with old mapping.

Reviewer: not sure if correct but will lean on consistency

```suggestion
For old standards this was pretty good quality compared to most of the other things from around that time. While this mapping style obviously didn't age very well, it is still really fun to play these maps nowadays, as they are challenging in their own way. "catch the yoki" and "Steven's Jumping" are not that easy to play and should be tricky for most players that are not used to these types of styles. "pieguy's CTB" and "Crow'z Lost" on the other hand, are rather easy to play and a good entry point for people who are not that familiar with old mapping.
```

Author: i completely missed this while updating descriptions, i'll fix this on the next commit once forum posts are gonna be ready to go

185 BPM, 5:53 | 6.39★, 6.75★\
*description written by [Sartan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4100941)*

Ding dong, it's that time of month again! Another first timer for Project Loved! This time around we have Shurelia, with their mapset on *Hades:The end*! Shurelia is much more known for their many maps on the regular osu! game mode and their activities as a Global Moderator, but that doesn't mean they should be written off as a mediocre osu!catch mapper (goodness, what a multitalent).

This mapset contains two difficulties - one of them being made by Razor Sharp (which was also featured in 2017's osu!catch World Cup) - which are fairly similar in terms of difficulty. It is the type of map you'd expect from a Yousei Teikoku song, with many triplets which accentuate the drums, a handful of streams, and a couple of jumps. It being around 6.2+ stars, it is not the easiest of maps, but still definitely well-playable by a good chunk of the playerbase. I personally also believe that this song is/will be *Loved* by many. Yousei Teikoku rocks, eh?

> So yeah, check it out, and perhaps vote for this to be :oved, just in case you'd meet Hades in the underworld...

Author: whoops

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2021-07-20-project-loved-july-2021/648851.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/{{TOPIC_ID}})

[MAIKA - Goldrop](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/648851#mania) by [Destiny19](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8716749)\
146 BPM, 3:56 | 8.07★\
*description written by [Penguinosity](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10235296)*

Destiny19 makes their first appearance to the Loved votes with their imaginative long note map, *Goldrop*. Destiny is someone that many 7K players are aware of, as they've been putting out some quality maps for about 4 years at this point. It was a tough decision picking what chart from them we would like to see go up first, but after the deliberation we ended on *Goldrop*. This beautiful song found its way into the Loved section some years ago under Skochan's [4K map](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/587117), however the experience that Destiny provides is very different.

> Starting off pretty slow, players will feel at ease with the slow and comfortable hybrid-esque patterning, but at the 40 second mark Destiny hits you with an unapologetic full inverse stair wall to let you know what's to come. Once the chorus begins, so too do the relentless release-focused LN patterns which also work in some stairs, brackets, and even reverse shields all culminating in a very difficult, but strangely comfortable experience. Rinse and repeat what I've said before until around the 3:30 second mark, where Destiny decides you're getting too comfortable, and slaps you with a full inverse bracket wall that even works in 16th snapped bursts. Although this spike only lasts about 10 seconds, it's one hell of a punch and it's definitely something that players need to watch out for when playing this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting off pretty slow, players will feel at ease with the slow and comfortable hybrid-esque patterning, but at the 40-second-mark Destiny hits you with an unapologetic full inverse stair wall to let you know what's to come. Once the chorus begins, so too do the relentless release-focused LN patterns which also work in some stairs, brackets, and even reverse shields all culminating in a very difficult, but strangely comfortable experience. Rinse and repeat what I've said before until around 3:30, where Destiny decides you're getting too comfortable, and slaps you with a full inverse bracket wall that even works in 16th-snapped bursts. Although this spike only lasts about 10 seconds, it's one hell of a punch and it's definitely something that players need to watch out for when playing this.
```

> That about does it for all of what I have to say about the chart, it's just a very well-constructed and enjoyable experience, and anybody who enjoys it should definitely go and check out the other maps that Destiny has made if you haven't already. Cast your vote now!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That about does it for all of what I have to say about the chart — it's just a very well-constructed and enjoyable experience, and anybody who enjoys it should definitely go and check out the other maps that Destiny has made if you haven't already. Cast your vote now!
```

---

> From everyone on the [Project Loved Team](/wiki/People/The_Team/Project_Loved_Team), we hope you enjoyed this month's selection, and are looking forward to the next! The favoured beatmaps will hit the [Loved beatmap listing](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets?s=loved) shortly after the polls end. More info about Project Loved can be found on its [wiki page](/wiki/Project_Loved). See you next month!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From everyone on the [Project Loved Team](/wiki/People/The_Team/Project_Loved_Team), we hope you enjoyed this month's selection, and are looking forward to the next! The favoured beatmaps will hit the [Loved beatmap listing](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets?s=loved) shortly after the poll ends. More info about Project Loved can be found on its [wiki page](/wiki/Project_Loved). See you next month!
```

Author: This one is a bit ???, since there's more than just 1 poll? This is also how we've worded stuff in the past as well. Personally prefer the wording of the way it is right now.

Reviewer: oh, thought there was supposed to be one poll. just ignore this then
